# Week 10B

## I. Project 3: Interactive Digital Prototype
- First --> [Project 3: Interactive Digital Prototype - Putting the team together](../documents/p3-put-team-together.md)
  - due now
- Second --> [Project 3 - Interactive Digital Prototype - deliverable #1 - Work Plan, Features & Personas](../documents/p3-work-plan.md)
  - due prior to start of class 11A - see myCourses dropbox for exact time

---

## II. Upcoming Assignments

- [Study Guide 11: User Testing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f5h_8OBTGzORzFFOK5QamQqt4XgW4_Xe_ERmpZ9bmU0/edit?usp=sharing)
  - see myCourses dropbox for due date & time
 
---

## III. UI/UX Design Process Overview

### Pre-requisites (all are part of deliverable #1 above)
- What is the core purpose of app - what problem is it trying to solve?
  - ex. *an app to remotely control the settings on a TaserBed&trade;*
- What are the core capabilities/features of the app?
  - ex. *set shock strength and other alarm settings ... set wakeup time ... change mattress positioning (head level, foot level) ... move the TaserBed&trade; to a new location ... change underglow light settings ... override safety settings...*
- Who is the primary target user?
  - ex. *typical TaserBed&trade; owner is a 25 to 35 year old white collar professional male, single, who works in a high pressure, long working hours job in the finance or consulting industries*
- Who would be a "power user"? Who would be a "casual user"?

---

- [YouTube: World's shortest UI/UX Design course (6:52)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIuVvCuiJhU) (video is from [Week-10 SG](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cPbyE8xvK747125dENQXC8Kd3jzb7uUhtp40dfyjdNU/edit?usp=sharing))

---

### Step #1 - User Flow (part of deliverable #2)
- what is it people are trying to get done?
- map out the journey from when they land on your site (experience, app etc) until their objective is achieved
- create user flow diagrams

### Step #2 - Wireframing (LoFi prototype, part of deliverable #2)
- Create corresponding screens or pages. Each page or screen contributes to reaching that key objective.
- Shopping example: store page, product page, payment page, success page 
- UX design!

### Step #3 - Design System (part of deliverable #3)
- Decide on visual style for the UI Design
- Colors, fonts, icons and reusable UI elements (text (sizes: small, body, label, title) buttons, inputs, cards etc
- https://www.realtimecolors.com/

### Step #4 - Actual Building/Designing of Interactive Prototype (part of deliverable #3)
- Visual Hierarchy - show order of importance among elements
- Contrast - keep elements distinct and enable readability/accessibility
- Balance - moderates spacing, alignment and placement of elements
- Consistency - keep elements harmonious and avoid user confusion
- Simplicity - keep things clear and straightforward for users
- Feedback - keep users engaged and gives them a clear reaction to their actions
- also
  - use actual content when possible, not placeholders
  - add illustrations and visuals

---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|   [**Week 10A Notes**](10A.md)  |  [**IGME-110 Home**](../) | Week 11A Notes
