# Week 1A

## Welcome!
- First year students (nearly all of you)
- Game Design & Development students (most of you)
- New Media Interactive Development students (some of you - discuss!)
- Students from outside of the computing college taking this course as an elective (a few of you)

---

## I. What's the course about?
- This class is a "big picture" overview of the study of interactive media (which includes games!), ranging from social and legal aspects of media through the underlying technical aspects of various media types. You will learn research, analysis, and communication skills using a variety of media, including text, images, audio, and video.
- You will produce media artifacts both individually and in groups

---

## II. How is this course taught?
- It is taught with a heavy "Flipped" model - meaning that the students engage in many learning activities outside of regular class time (e.g. completing assignments, watching videos, completing assignments/tutorial, participating in Slack discussions, meeting with team members, etc. Class time is then devoted to higher-order activities such as discussion, reflection, additional group work and so on
- The course centers around 4 projects, 2 of which are individual, and the other 2 are completed in small groups
- No required textbooks to buy - many of the assignments involve web readings and require you to answer some questions. Most of the assignments will be detailed on Google Docs that we will share with you
- We don't use a lot of Powerpoints in this class - this GitHub site is where the main lecture notes of the course can be accessed
- Links to assignments, lecture notes, due dates and the grade book can be found at https://mycourses.rit.edu

---

## III. Let's see some projects from last semester
- Project 1 - App Proposal (group)
  - Tools used: web, academic research tools and AI for research/ideation, Google Docs for group editing and sharing, also GitHub/Markdown
- Project 2 - Infographic (solo)
  - Tools used: image editing software such as Photoshop, Canva
- Project 3 - App Prototype (different group)
  - Tools used: 
- Project 4 - Promotional Video (solo)
  - Tools used:

---

## IV. Syllabus
- [IGME-110 Course Syllabus (Prof. Jefferson version)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aFfF8M9hxW-ODsmttEBehSBVfbKOrLFijFr-Wc2F2aM/edit?usp=sharing)
  - BTW, GitHub markdown pages (which is what this is) don't have syntax for automatically opening a hypertext link in a new window or tab. So, if you DO want a new window or tab, you'll need to right-click ...)
- Note the attendance policy! Advance communication of issues is key!
- Discuss: How are course letter grades different from how (most of you) were graded in High School? 
- FAQ: How will the Prof let us know if class is cancelled?

---


## V. FirstByte
- ***FirstByte is the first-year experience program for students in GCCIS***
- https://www.rit.edu/computing/firstbyte

---

## VI. Notes on Academic Accommodations
- No food in the labs! Especially anything with nuts in it! Some of your fellow students have food allergies!
- The late assignment policy for ***EVERYONE***, with or without academic accommodations is:
  - When an assignment extension request is sent to the Prof (via Slack) at least 12-hours prior to the due date, I will consider granting a short extension
  - note: if the assignment is something we will be reviewing in the next class meeting, the extension will usually not go beyond the start of that class meeting
  - note: group project deliverables will not receive extensions (your group is depending on you!)
  - note: alternative assignments will or activities not be created so that a student can "make up" an assignment
  - finally, if you do end up needing a little extra time (maybe you were out of town for weekend, or had a lot of work in other classes) - just ask! At least 12-hours in advance! You don't need an elaborate excuse.

---

## VII. Handy stuff to know
- Places to chill
  - https://naps.rit.edu/
  - https://reporter.rit.edu/features/tojo-garden-living-memorial-eternal-youth
  - https://www.rit.edu/admissions/blog/10-things-do-campus-during-weekend

---

## VIII. Stuff to do right now
- A) Discuss Offline Course Communication
  - Contacting your professor
    - always use Slack to contact me, not email
    - if you need to cc someone "in", go ahead and send an email too
  - Using Slack/email in a professional manner is an important skill if you want to be taken seriously by your professors (or future work managers)
    - "how to email your professor" (google it!)
    - https://www.maestrolabs.com/how-to/how-to-email-a-professor
- B) Intros!

---

## IX. Things to work on after you leave today
- Study Guide #1
- XXX
- XXY
- XXXZ

---

## X. Questions?

---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|   :-\  |  [**IGME-110 Home**](../) | [**Week 1B Notes**](1B.md)
