# 5B Notes

## I. Questions about the *Creating a GitHub Pages Site* HW?
- requirements are here --> [Creating a GitHub Pages Site](../exercises/github-pages-site.md) 
- TWO things need to be posted to the myCourses dropbox ...
- #1 - a ZIP containing the 4 HTML pages you made all the **"YOU DO"** changes to, meaning **minimal.html**, **links.html**, **tacos.html** and **dice-roller.html**
- #2 - a link to your functioning GitHub Pages web site:
  - this should be at `https://yourGitHubld.github.io/` (where `yourGitHubld` is your actual github login)
  - example - my Github login is `tonethar` - and this is the link to my GitHub Pages Web Site - https://tonethar.github.io/
    - BTW - there's not much here - just 2 HyperText links (with `<a>` tags, remember?) to a couple of code demos
  - ***\*\*IMPORTANT\*\**** --> ***YOUR GitHub Pages web site needs to have at least 5 functioning hypertext links (to sites from the "Listicles" exercise or similar)***

---

## II. GitHub Pages Examples

1) Prof Example 
 
    - My Github login is `tonethar` - and this is the link to my GitHub repos - https://github.com/tonethar
    - The repo where I am posting my HTML web files is `tonethar.github.io` and that is located here - https://github.com/tonethar/tonethar.github.io
      - note the **index.html** file in the repo - that's going to be the "home page"
    - Therefore the web address of my GitHub home page is https://tonethar.github.io/
      - note what we are seeing here is the **index.html** page is now rendered by the web browser

2) Now let's take a look at some of the early assignment submissions to myCourses and see what people came up with (and if they are missing anything)
 

---

## III. Upcoming HW
- [Week 6 Study Guide: Visual Design](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wA7yfU2o4mPVfP88kHgBjJwjDIjfqMgIc54fLxeIOE0/edit?usp=sharing)
- Project 1 Peer Feedback Form


---

## IV. In-class Exercise - Transmedia "Round Robin"/"Telephone" game


- Your instructor will divide you into groups of three or four students for this exercise. At the end of the group activity, you’ll have a short individual writeup to complete.
- Your instructor will give your group an idea to start with - *don't share the story idea with any other groups!*

### Round 1 - Get Started
- For the first ten minute round, your group will create a 100-word story based on the content. After the ten minutes are up, pass your story on to another group. Before you pass the team's paper, write your team number on the top of it.

### Round 2 - Visual Adaptation
- For the second ten-minute round, your group will take the text content from another group and create a 3 panel comic strip. After the ten minutes are up, pass your comic on to another group.

### Round 3 - Interactive Story
- For the third ten-minute round, your group will take the visual adaptation from another group and create a "choose your own adventure" flow chart for it. After the ten minutes are up, pass your interactive story on to another group.

### Round 4 - Another Story
- For the last ten-minute round, your group will take the flow chart from another group, and create a 100-word story based on it.

### Group Discussion
- After all four rounds are complete, collect all four versions of your original content (text, visual, and flow chart, and the final story). As a group, discuss the following questions:
  - How did the content evolve across versions?
  - What core elements remained throughout all four?
  - What elements were significantly different?

### Submission
- After the discussion, each person should write up a brief (1-2 paragraph) summary of what the differences were. You can summarize what your group said, or you can share your own individual perspective.
- Put this into a Word DOC or PDF and post to the dropbox no later than 11:59PM tonight.



---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
|   [**Week 5A Notes**](5A.md)  |  [**IGME-110 Home**](../) | Week 6A Notes
